I completed this project independently in the winter of 2023-2024. I used external resources like Laravel Daily (Youtube), W3Schools, and Coursera. The project is a simple AI Therapist that is designed to look like a chat. There are two main tabs, the first is the chat with the therapist where you can describe a concern, feeling, or situation to receive advice and emotional support from your therapist. The second tab is where your therapist learns what advice, and types of emotional support that work for you based on each situation; there is a place to add a list of words that describe the situation, and a place to add the advice. The words to describe your situation are clustered in one group in the database, and the advice is connected to these words. When using the chat, the algorithm parses the words unique to each user's database and finds the words that share the most common situation, feeling, or concern to provide the relevant advice. The model is not accurate and is prone to making mistakes, also a limitation is that it has to be taught by the user themselves, this mainly arises because I don't have my own credible data to feed my AI Therapist. The reason I created this project is to have a place to keep track of advice that worked for me or others in certain situations, and be able to get help when I need them later.

I completed the project in the Laravel framework, which is mainly programmed in PHP and Blade. The folders committed in this project are organized based on the Laravel framework. The following is a manual of where to find each aspect of my code:

- The business logic, extracting from the database, and how the webpages are routed can be found under /App/Http/Controllers
- The middleware, access restrictions, and authorization are handled under /App/Http/Controllers/Auth and under /App/Http/Middleware
- The object oriented design for database elements and more can be found under /App/Models
- The database migrations, descriptions of database tables, and how the database was built is under /Database/Migrations
- Public elements such as images, and my CSS designs are under /Public/images and /Public/css respectively.
- The views, frontend programs, and the layouts in HTML are all under /Resources/Views , you can find the main layouts under /Resources/Views/Layouts and you can find specific page designs directly under /Resources/Views
- The main routes, authorizations, and middlewares can be found in /Routes/web.php
